PTC Lab Report: This paper researches whether the PTC strong tasting gene is more prominent among females than males. We conducted an experiment to determine the genotypes of a sample population. People with the TT genotype are strong tasters, people with Tt are weak tasters, and people with tt are non-tasters of the PTC gene. We did a phenotype test as well as a genotype test using PCR, a digestion enzyme, and gel electrophoresis and then compared the resulting ratios to the number of females and males in our sample population.
Genetics Lab Report: We used the _Brassica rapa_ plant and observed its different generations in order to draw conclusions about the broader field of genetics. We examined which phenotypic traits were present in the different generations and using Punnett squares, predicted the genotypes for the heights and colorings of the plants.
PCR and Gel Lab Report: Using DNA from banana peels and face swabs, performed DNA extraction and purification, PCR to amplify the DNA, and gel electrophoresis to determine the type of sample we had collected. We determined that our samples were both mold and bacterial.
Lac Operon Lab Report: This lab report familiarized us with gene regulation through the introduction of the Lac Operon. Through series of experiments we found that the Lac Operon only produces the enzyme beta galactosidase when lactose is present. When glucose is present, the enzyme to metabolize lactose is not essential and therefore not produced by the cell in order to conserve energy.
